Nobody understands
what we done
to protect this ranch. and no one
knows what we'd do to hold on to it.
My brother is a fool.
I know a lot of fools. and they ain't killers.
Hunter or hunted. Chet?
Always the hunter.
You know a lot of killers?
Enough.
Some good ol' boys in that bunkhouse
and some sons of bitches.
I've seen plenty of both.
I think I love you.
I don't think either of us
really know what love is.
You don't think this is it?
I got your invite.
Ranch only turns 190 years old once.
- I want you to be my date.
- Well. I would be honored.
Businessmen like Zane.
preparation is everything.
Deals like this walk
into my office all the time.
The people who dine in your restaurants.
they want an experience.
We can give them that.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait!
You two-faced piece of shit.
Y'all didn't blow away.
Longest
I ever sat in a hurricane.
Don't wait up.
Meet me back here at 1:00.
No me gusta. ¿La una y media?
Whoo! Let's shoot out the lights.
- Gracias. Mariano.
- De nada. Beulah.
My God. a fricking bull.
Whoo!
Excuse me.
Sure I can't pour you something
with a little more bite?
I'm on the clock. ma'am.
- That's a stud.
- Stone cold.
Heaven must be missing three angels.
You see any wings around here?
- You want to dance?
- Depends. You got a name?
Luke. And you?
Just call me Angel.
You work around here?
I'm a mechanic for the Shock Wave.
At Six Flags?
Come hell or high water.
I keep that son of a gun running.
You must be awfully good
with your hands. then.
- You ever done this before?
- You know.
there's a first time for everything.
Quick. quick. slow. Slow.
Quick. quick. slow... slow.
- Strange work.
- I'm with the 10-Petal.
down in Rio Paloma. Top hand.
What the hell you doing up here?
Babysitting. My boss's daughter.
Your boss's daughter's a handful.
Yeah. Beulah's just young.
It's harder than it looks.
Hold on. darling. I'm gonna spin you.
Wait.
- You teased me?
- I'm just a ranch girl.
Ain't nothing "just" about you.
You ready to let it loose?
Angel. I was born ready.
Ain't nothing wrong
with a cold one on the job.
So. you got someone
you got to go home to?
My wife. And my boy. Joaquin.
Listen. I'm gonna shoot you straight.
That handsome fella.
he gave me a crisp twenty
to deliver this bucket of beers
and talk you up.
I can't game a married man.
He did what?
I'd hurry up. you could
probably still catch him.
- Hey!
- Watch it.
- Where's Beulah?
- She was just here.
- Linda.
- Honest to God. Mariano.
Where is she?
I don't know.
Beulah! Beulah!
I can't find my other boot.
We'll get you another pair. B.
You see me get thrown off
that mechanical bull?
That's what you're gonna tell my daddy.
You look very nice. ma'am.
Well. that's the point. Miguel.
Well.
it's nice y'all thought
to dress up for little old me.
but every anniversary.
one of you boys drinks too much
and makes a terrible mess of things.
I know this is gonna break y'all's hearts.
but I've decided to set up
an open tab at the Split Heart.
so put on your civvies
and wreak havoc there.
- Thank you. ma'am.
You keep an eye on 'em.
If it's all the same.
I'll stick to my bunk tonight.
It's not the same. Not tonight.
What's that look for?
You'll have to be more specific. baby.
Well. the one that says
we're gonna be late.
Let 'em fucking wait.
Will you do something for me?
You got to be fucking kidding me.
- Yeah.
- No. no.
Hot.
Why haven't these been placed yet?
- Sorry. ma'am.
- Sorry.
You do not cut oranges with that.
Thank you.
- Not those. The Waterford.
- Yes. ma'am.
You need any help. Mama B?
My stars.
Oreana Lynn.
You look divine.
I know how important tonight is for you.
I wanted to look the part.
What's that lipstick?
Do you like it?
- Love.
- It's not too much?
No.
I'm just awfully sorry
your daddy couldn't be here
to see you like this.
He's getting the help that he needs.
I feel fucking ridiculous.
You look fucking ridiculous.
That makes two of us.
You know. I was thinking
you could come to the 10-Petal
and help out on the weekends.
- Sounds cool.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
How's. how's school going?
Fine. I guess.
- You learning anything?
- Just getting by.
Thank you. by the way.
For what?
Giving me a place to live.
looking after me.
Everything you and Beth have done.
Really.
You don't have to thank me. son.
I want you to have fun tonight. All right?
You look gorgeous. honey.
Well. not as sharp as you two.
Want me to drive?
Nope.
I got a better idea.
This is fucking cowboy.
Think they got a chuckwagon?
No.
Just a lot of fancy people
standing around
trying to out-fancy one another.
Sounds awful.
Just give me two hours.
then we'll Irish goodbye it
and we ride home.
Sounds good to me.
Shall we?
Hey.
- There you are.
- The hat's nice.
How's the hand?
Well. you can't say I'm not
willing to bleed for the ranch.
You shouldn't have to.
Is that your speech?
I've been working
on this damn thing all night.
Right now. I hate it.
You want me to read it?
I've written so many of these.
The words never feel right
until you're standing in front of everyone.
Well. this one's different.
It's your last.
I...
I feel incredibly grateful
to be following in your footsteps.
Your father would be proud.
He will be.
Hey.
Thank you.
- Hi. ma'am.
- Pleasure.
Thank you for all your work.
Appreciate you.
- Governor.
- Joaquin.
It's great to have you.
That's interesting.
Thank you. Thanks for coming.
Keep your powder dry.
Well. y'all came the old-fashioned way.
It's the only way. Beulah.
Ms. Beulah.
So. you must be Carter.
Yeah. It's nice to meet you. Ms. Jackson.
Thank you for having me.
Well. it's "Beulah" or "Mama B" to you.
So. dare I ask?
I'll save the surprise.
Well. Carter. you can
head on down to the patio.
My granddaughter's waiting for you.
Yes. ma'am.
Rip. you look sharp enough
to cut glass.
I'd say the same thing about you.
You like my suit?
You flirting?
Hi. You made it.
Hamachi tostada with yuzu?
Taco? Sure.
Enjoy.
You wouldn't have graduated
if it weren't for me.
That finance class.
Yeah.
Well. that class nearly fucking killed me.
It would've. if you didn't
let me get your notes. so...
Seemed like a pretty fair trade to me.
Fuck off. smarty.
Hey. what's up. bro?
Hi.
Harrison Williams.
This is my friend Carter.
Okay. you an Aggie. too?
Rio Paloma Rustler. Or was.
Yeah.
Why don't you go get yourself a drink?
Yeah. You look nice.
Yes. she does.
So. you were saying?
- The new build?
- The new build.
It's this multifamily in Fredericksburg.
280 units.
three-story wrap. 65 mil.
my dad put in the equity for it.
Thirteen seconds left. up by four.
Third and goal from the two.
and Refugio's got this halfback...
Redfish. yeah?
Redfish Calderón.
Only motherfucker in district
with cojones as big as mine. okay?
Son of a bitch was faster than me. too.
- Not as fast in the bedroom.
- All right.
- Delilah agrees.
- Y'all asked me a question.
let me fucking answer.
Go on. then. cabrito.
QB snaps. right?
Power run off the left tackle.
Now. this tackle's more country-fed
and country-strong
than all you boys put together.
I came down as hard as I could.
I hit that country boy with all I got.
He falls flat on his ass. takes Redfish
down with him. okay? Now. it's...
Cheating motherfucker.
You're just bad at cards. hombre.
Y'all are as crooked and dirty
as that 10-Petal you work for.
Bad at odds. too.
You better look around.
Can I get a pop?
You want whiskey or rum with that?
Whichever.
I got you. kid.
Cheers.
I wouldn't take
a swing at Harrison Williams
tonight. son.
That'd be bad business
for the both of us.
I'll kick his ass.
I don't doubt it.
But the keys to the kingdom
are within your reach.
What fucking keys?
Son. there is an upstairs
and a downstairs
to soirees like this.
and girls like that.
And tonight.
she and that boy are upstairs.
But you? You're in the basement.
Where does that put you. Sheriff?
Hell.
I'm on the elevator going up.
I'll have a Tito's. three olives.
- McKinney. you want a beer?
- You bet.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Thanks.
Hey.
- There she is.
- Beulah.
- Hey.
- Beth and I were just
talking about
what a good meeting y'all had.
Well. it was good.
- wasn't it?
- You were good.
I know a good pairing when I see one.
Well. amen to that.
You know. when Chet came here.
he was a drifter.
- No family to speak of...
- Joaquin? I ain't worried.
Well. no one's gonna come looking...
You have a good night.
- Zane.
- Beulah.
Well. I'm thrilled you could make it.
Thanks for having me.
I had to see for myself
what Liam Sullivan's
entrepreneurial spirit built.
and I have to say. it's impressive.
Thank you. Can I get you a drink?
- Absolutely.
- Okay. what are you drinking?
I'm guessing you haven't done
a lot of these.
No. sir. Never like this.
Well. if I've learned
anything over the years. Carter. it's this.
it's okay to stand
in the middle of a fancy party
with a drink in your hand.
Sooner or later. someone's gonna
come talk to you.
I mean. I did. and not just
to prove my own point.
Haven't seen you for a spell.
You been okay?
Yeah. I'm holding up.
I'll share another lesson
with you. since you didn't ask.
I was just about to.
The second you've had enough.
just walk away. find a quiet place.
Like this.
Thank you. ma'am.
Texas correctional ink?
Yep. Can't hold a candle to your ink.
Bet that was a pretty penny.
I'm betting yours cost more.
Safe bet.
Amen.
- You old dog.
- Shush.
So. district championships...
Them two.
Hey!
Goddamn. Austin.
Shit. Ramos. you said
you don't have any quit in you.
Shit. you ain't gonna have
a heart attack on me. are you?
Nah.
Ooh-hoo-hoo. boy!
There she is.
- Beth.
- This is my husband Rip.
Rip. Nice to meet you.
- How are you?
- Heard a lot about you.
Bona fide cowboy.
I'm happy we're in business together.
No. no. no. The business part's my wife.
Well. speaking of.
here's something we'd like to give you.
I like the sound of it... hey!
Wow.
Beth. what a beautiful gift.
It's more like a bribe.
Them are fancy. now.
Let's break those in.
We'll go on a tour of the entire ranch.
I'll take you tomorrow.
That sounds fantastic.
Thank you. Thank you for these.
Can I steal you for a quick minute?
Well. heavens.
- it's always something.
- Hi.
This way.
Hey. boys?
They didn't see it coming.
but they had it coming.
Yes. sir.
Heck yeah.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
- Salud.
Hey. Felt good. didn't it?
Just like old times.
But they ain't wrong.
10-Petal's dirty.
Corrupt.
We're all fucked.
And we never say shit about it.
Not to each other. not to anyone.
Do us a favor.
Let it go.
All we've been doing is letting it go.
Now Chet's gone missing. too?
I'm saying this as a friend.
Shut the fuck up. Austin.
What are you doing here?
Couldn't miss the 190th.
You knew?
I wanted to save the surprise.
Baby girl. go play hostess.
This is gonna take a minute.
Okay.
Have a seat.
"Joaquin may not be a Jackson by birth.
but he's known no other family.
and I've seen him as nothing other
than my own flesh and blood.
Today's momentous for him. for me
and for the legacy of the 10-Petal.
"I love you. Kino."
Well. what did you expect me to do?
You expected me to get sober.
Yeah. Are you?
Look. Mama. clean as a whistle.
You know. Granddaddy
used to love to tease me.
He'd tell me this office was.
his killing room floor.
If I ever stepped foot in here.
he'd slaughter me like all those steer.
And when I got older.
he made me sit
right there where you are...
and he'd make me watch.
Watch him slaughter the competition.
Yeah. what's that supposed to mean?
My name is Robert William Jackson III.
It's my fucking name.
And this ranch is my legacy.
What?
I anoint you
days after leaving rehab early?
After a lifetime of second chances?
Well. if you don't. I'll kill him.
Well. I'm not gonna sit here in my office
and be blackmailed by you.
You're not being blackmailed. Mama.
I'm everything
you've always wanted me to be.
Clear-eyed.
Ruthless.
A killer.
Hell. I am the image of your father.
I hated my father.
He was a miserable man.
I prayed to God that you and Joaquin
would be happier than him.
You don't believe in God
any more than I do.
Only God you see is in yourself. and...
that shit is hereditary.
The very foundation of our DNA.
Announcing me
is not just the right thing...
it's the only thing.
I'll never let Kino have it. ever.
You understand me?
I'm-a go fetch a Topo Chico
and do the rounds.
Love you. Mama.
Having fun?
Time of my life.
Yeah. These parties can be weird.
Where's college boy?
Excuse me?
I don't know. you-you go
fishing with him. too?
Shoot bottles?
Fuck him?
Jesus.
If I did. it wouldn't be
any of your goddamn business.
I bet his daddy's money turns you on.
That's it?
Harrison's a bull. he's not a steer.
You walk around with this wound. Carter.
and you expect me
to do something about it?
Well. that's not my fucking job.
If you want any part of this ranch.
if you want me.
quit acting like a fucking steer
and grow a pair.
Fuck you.
No.
If you can recall. I fucked you.
For what it's worth...
I fucked Harrison. too.
- Here you go. sir.
- Thank you. much.
Fucking asshole.
Well. my mother hired herself
one hell of a cattleman.
The Yellowstone?
She sure did.
Well. I owe you an explanation.
I am an addict. it is a terrible disease.
and I don't expect you
to accept my apology.
but I am doing the work
to make amends.
Well. congratulations.
I hope that it all works out for you.
Whiskey. neat.
It is a total honor to pass the microphone
to Ms. 10-Petal herself.
Thank you. thank y'all for coming.
Each and every one of you
means something profound
to me and my ranch and our community.
This is the 38th time
that a Jackson has stood on this land.
drink in hand. and engaged
in some proper speechifying.
All right.
Ooh.
What I wouldn't give
to have seen Liam's first
in 1841.
five years after rustling cattle
out of Refugio
and starting what
would become the 10-Petal.
He was 23 years old.
an Irish Catholic immigrant
and. like any true Texan.
ready to take on all comers.
Yes. sir!
I-I wrote up some words for today. but...
they now seem inadequate
for the occasion.
Sometimes the best anyone can do is...
just say what's in the heart.
I made a promise to my daddy
before he passed.
One that I finally intend to keep tonight.
Some of y'all might say
it's been too long coming.
That I've been too desperate
to hang on to the one thing
that we never seem to get enough of.
Time.
Good Lord knows.
despite my best efforts...
I ain't getting any younger. so...
So...
as of tonight.
I intend to pass the reins on
to the next generation.
In five years.
Robert William Jackson III...
will be giving this speech
as head of 10-Petal.
our beef business
and our upcoming line
of ranch-to-table steaks.
Going somewhere. Mr. Reyes?
Move those fucking cars.
What. no adios?
You've just fucked yourself.
Careful now.
You heard Mama's speech same as I did.
The worm has turned. brother.
She's gonna call me in five days
when you fuck up again.
When she needs me to clean
another one of your messes.
Speaking of messes. have
you seen our missing foreman?
Chet always was a lousy shot.
You should've finished me yourself.
'cause you're never getting
another chance.
I got more chances than
a rattlesnake in a henhouse.
Excuse me. Mr. Reyes?
You're good to go.
Bienvenidos. motherfucker.
Fuck's sake.
Learn Spanish already.
I give you a deal.
and all of a sudden. you decide to retire?
I'm a ranch girl. Zane.
Beth and Rip are the brains
behind the operation.
You sold me on you.
I'm selling the story of you.
not just your ranch.
Come. dear.
You're gonna love my son.
He's the real deal.
Your son's a drug addict.
My God.
Put that down!
Carter. what the fuck?
Shit.
That's bad business. kid.
Hey. What the fuck are you doing?
Help!
- Shit.
- Get him out of here.
- It's okay.
- It's okay. darling.
Yeah. it's Dr. McKinney.
I need a medevac.
10-Petal Ranch. main house. right now.
Okay. Look at me. Look at me.
You'll be okay.
Hang in there.
Hang in there. B.
Help's coming.
Hang on. B. It's okay.
Stay with me.
Yes?
Can I come in?
Your father wants you downstairs
for his speech.
He's been waiting.
I'm done with his fucking speeches.
Hey. B. it's okay.
Drive me somewhere?
You sure?
He deserves to know
he's gonna be a father.
I'm right here if you need me.
- Hey.
- Mind if I come in?
Yeah. come on in.
Found my other boot.